I need you to edit the IT Consulting page with this content i.e

Cloud AI and IT Consultation Services
We focus on the delivery of sales and repair cloud implementation comes, reworking heritage applications to Force.com applications, services that alter enterprise quality and collaboration, and custom cloud app development exploitation the Force.com platform as a service. Our Salesforce.com consultants bring depth and breadth of expertise across varied industries to function sure partners for our customers. They additionally give effective coming up with and execution within the delivery of Salesforce.com solutions and advantage the Salesforce.com platform to assist maximize come on investment. By combining our best-in-class agile preparation methodologies with a deep market experience, we alter our preferences to satisfy our consumers’ most advanced business and technology challenges. With our stress on coaching and certification, you willbe certain that AI Technologies, LLC employs solely the foremost-qualified Salesforce.com-certified professionals with intensive expertise effective.com business cloud application development.

IT Consultation
Artificial Intelligence Technologies, LLC’s capability in developing terribly large-scale, multi-million dollar client applications and supporting them established a sturdy Application Development & Support follow in conjunction with triple-crown execution of many fixed-price/fixed-outcome comes. Artificial Intelligence Technologies, LLC’s Business method Automation services supply customer’s economical alternative for up business and increasing organization effectiveness. Public sector customers will reap advantages from AI Technologies, LLC’s expertise in building case management solutions with deep domain experience.

For customers trying to leverage quality and Cloud for enterprise adoption, AI Technologies, LLC offers an array of services from style, development, deployment, and support. Artificial Intelligence Technologies, LLC’s follow in Application Testing is innovative approach to On-Demand Testing Services – a utility model which will give checking in cloud complete with check setting (provision and de-provision on the fly) and enhancing potency with integrated checking (test style + toolkit + test execution + test metrics)

Artificial Intelligence Technologies, LLC’s IT Consulting Services will assist you catch the large information wave that is sweeping enterprise thinking. These services are designed to assist consumersproduce competitive differentiation and find out new business opportunities.

AI Technologies, LLC has designed skills and experience to implement huge information technologies for enterprise. With distinctive Discover, Design, Develop and Deploy services, AI Technologies, LLC will facilitate customers discover and implement new use cases.

The Big information wave is sweeping enterprise thinking to form competitive differentiation and find out new business opportunities. AI Technologies, LLC has designed skills and experience to implement huge information technologies for enterprise. With distinctive Discover, Design, Develop and Deploy services, AI Technologies, LLC will facilitate customers discover and implement new use cases.

Big Data & Enterprise Intelligence

Consulting Solutions
Today, we are operating with clients to drive AI innovations throughout the customer lifecycle through our target prediction, spoken communication and analytics backed by psychological feature engines and human help. Prediction - for large organizations that field billions of client interactions annually, the power to anticipate and resolve client wants before they arise has monumental potential to drive client satisfaction up and prices down.
Predictive solutions utilize client profile information for insights into organizations’ requirements and preferences from previous interactions across all channels to see intent and choose the simplest agent or resource to service their wants, including: Recommending succeeding best action to satisfy a consumer’s want through IVR, virtual assistant or live agent
Minimizing churn by distinctive and pursuit signals that a client is also near shopping for a product or managing their service supported net activity, words, tone or sentiment Proactive notifications for relevant, helpful help or customised deals Predictive, colloquial and analytic AI infographic

Benefits of our IT Consulting Services
Reduced value - Cloud computing eliminates the capital expense of building a server infrastructure, shifts support prices, and permits you to pay incrementally just for services used. Increased potency - Utilizing cloud services considerably reduces operational and system administration problems, permitting staff to target comes that move your business forward. Enhanced responsiveness - Shorten project timelines and build a lot of foreseeable time-to-market by eliminating server and code provisioning, supplying you with the competitive advantage you would like. Biometrics to fight fraud and permit customers to seamlessly evidence in their channel of alternative
same as How we implement artificial intelligence across multiple industries component